Joali's private transfer service at the airport
Go to the Seaplane Lounge (10 minutes by car)
Joali's Seaplane Lounge
Ready to take a seaplane
The flight time from Malé Airport to the resort island is about 40 minutes
Flying over the One&Only resort island we just left
You can find the complete travel videos of One&Only on my channel
Anantara Kihavah Resort Island
Four Seasons
Joali Resort Island is finally here
Joali's Arrival Pier
The impressive manta ray manta ray-shaped pier
The famous Changbai Sandbar near Joali
A large group of birds fly back and forth on the sandbar
Go to our swimming pool water house
We stayed at Pool Water House No. 33
The room is very spacious with 240 square meters indoor and outdoor
The large bathroom with bathtub can be connected by hand-carved villa door
The daze pavilion by the pool is my favorite location
35 square meters of outdoor private pool
The simple and elegant design style of the master bedroom
Mini bar in the room
Complete bathroom accessories
Hand-carved wooden doors are elegant and textured
locker room
Dark green textured wall adds gorgeousness
Indoor shower
Emerald green bamboo tile in outdoor shower area
Love the beautiful lagoon sea view color of this Villa
Let's explore the luxury water villa area from the boardwalk
At the end of the boardwalk is the three-bedroom Ocean Residence
The resort's sunset welcome cocktail party
Watch the sunset and live concert by the main pool
For dinner on the first day we chose to go to the Japanese restaurant Saoke
Takoyaki and beef udon with fried shrimp tempura
Crabmeat sushi rolls, fried shrimp rolls and mixed nigiri sushi
BBQ Big Octopus
Turndown service and anniversary cake
Energy drinks before breakfast
Buffet style breakfast with rich and varied cuisine
You can skip the restaurant food introduction, please jump directly to the 27-minute film
Various meals and freshly cut fruits in air-conditioned rooms
Breakfast has Japanese, Asian and Western à la carte options
Mura Bar is a drink bar by the main pool
The main pool area of ​​the resort
Grey Heron's bird head shaped seat by the main pool
You can always see birds flying back and forth on Changsha Chau
Light-colored mosaic tiles on the sculptural dining table to reflect coral fading
Seafood Pizza Lunch at Poolside Restaurant
Water sports facilities
Walk into the tree house shaped by Manta Ray ghost manta rays
Private dining events can be arranged on the tree house
This evening we chose to go to the Italian restaurant Bellini
The appetizer is crab meat spaghetti and seafood risotto
Main course is grilled lobster for two
Dessert is the favorite tiramisu
On another day of dinner we came again to the Italian restaurant Bellini
Appetizer is cuttlefish spaghetti and seafood salad
Seafood risotto with baked eggplant and black angus beef
This is the view outside the beach house in room number 16
Joali tried to keep the green plants on the island during the development process
Beach area on the northeast side of the main island
Go to JOALI Spa
SPA reception center
Dressing room in SPA area
Outdoor jacuzzi and steam room are free for residents
SPA massage room
Rest area after the spa
In the evening after the rain, head to the main island area
For dinner that day, we chose to go to the Asian-style main restaurant Vandhoo
Appetizer is organic lettuce salad with fried squid
Main course is Thai seafood rice noodles and Asian-style steamed fish
Dessert is a popping chocolate cake with crispy pineapple
The pier at night is also very unique
Grey Heron is called Maakanaa in Maldivian local dialect
Boutiques on the island
Organic vegetable garden on the island
Gym on the second floor
A little paradise for children's work, painting and playing in the water
Ready to leave, thank you Eliza, our exclusive butler
Thanks for watching